Fix: Last error time now updates during record interpolation (#2923)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: CHANGELOG.md

* [#2803](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2803) Fix total pool liquidity CLI query.
* [#2914](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2914) Remove out of gas panics from node logs
* [#2937](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2937) End block ordering - staking after gov and module sorting.

> * [#2923](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2923) Last error time is updated during record interpolation if record has an error

Author: ```suggestion
* [#2923](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2923) TWAP calculation now errors if it uses records that have errored previously.
```
